# multi-agent-RL-A2C
Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning game using Advantage Actor Critic (A2C) algorithm   (C) Averisera Ltd 2020.

The game simulates the dynamics of an abstract small population of players susceptible to contagion. Two groups of players, represented by green and white squares, move vertically or horizontally on a 7x7 board, 32 steps in each episode. At the start, a few of them are infected (red square colour) and pass the disease to every player who walks into them (they can't recognise each other's infection status). Once infected, players gradually lose health (transition to terminal state takes 5 steps). Green players can recover with a given probability after a certain period of the disease, while the white ones unavoidably terminate. The players get rewards for walking, especially to the pub (brown square in the corner - changing hue when players enter). They cannot see if there are other players in the pub but are aware of the high risk of getting infected in the pub. They can give up the rewards and wash their hands instead (square changes colour to blue), which protects them from contracting the disease in that step. See the details in the source code.

I used the model to look for strategies emerging naturally (without extra incentives) in this abstract setting. The players can maximise their total rewards by visiting the pub - where they will likely get infected and may die. They can reduce the risk of infection by washing hands and avoiding other players, and thus live longer and accumulate more rewards from walking. Therefore, I expected to see "social distancing" and a lot of handwashing, but the result of the long training turned out to be surprisingly sophisticated given the simple model: green players decided to rush to pub to maximise their reward (their risk aversion was probably moderated by the chance of recovery), while white players (who cannot recover once infected) learnt that after some time the infection dies out (infected players either terminate or recover) - and then they can safely visit the pub!

